Feature/add key to json (#51)
inloco/kafka-elasticsearch-injector: README.md

- `ES_TIME_SUFFIX` Indicates what time unit to append to index names on Elasticsearch. Supported values are `day` and `hour`. Default value is `day` **OPTIONAL**
- `KAFKA_CONSUMER_RECORD_TYPE` Kafka record type. Should be set to "avro" or "json". Defaults to avro. **OPTIONAL**
- `KAFKA_CONSUMER_METRICS_UPDATE_INTERVAL` The interval which the app updates the exported metrics in the format of golang's `time.ParseDuration`. Defaults to 30s. **OPTIONAL**

> - `KAFKA_CONSUMER_WITH_KEY_AND_VALUE` If you would to combine the result message with the value present in the key. Defaults to false. **OPTIONAL**

Reviewer: Maybe this is a better name/description

```suggestion
- `KAFKA_CONSUMER_INCLUDE_KEY` Determines whether to include the Kafka key in the Elasticsearch message(as the "key" field). Defaults to false. **OPTIONAL**
```
